THAT IS "ALL IN" FOR THIS EVENING.
EVENING. "THE RACHEL MADDOW SHOW" STARTS
"THE RACHEL MADDOW SHOW" STARTS NOW.
NOW. >> THANK, YOU CHRIS.
>> THANK, YOU CHRIS. THANKS TO YOU AT HOME FOR
THANKS TO YOU AT HOME FOR JOINING US THIS HOUR.
JOINING US THIS HOUR. THE INDONESIA PLANE CRASH THAT
THE INDONESIA PLANE CRASH THAT HAPPENED AT THE END OF THE
HAPPENED AT THE END OF THE OCTOBER LION AIR FLIGHT 610.
OCTOBER LION AIR FLIGHT 610. 189 PEOPLE WERE KILLED.
189 PEOPLE WERE KILLED. THE INVESTIGATION INTO THAT
THE INVESTIGATION INTO THAT CRASH SHOWED THAT THE PILOTS HAD
CRASH SHOWED THAT THE PILOTS HAD THE PLANE UNEXPECTEDLY GO NOSE
THE PLANE UNEXPECTEDLY GO NOSE DOWN ON THEM WHILE THEY WERE
DOWN ON THEM WHILE THEY WERE TRYING TO LIFT IT UP.
TRYING TO LIFT IT UP. THAT WAS A BOEING 737 MAX 8.
THAT WAS A BOEING 737 MAX 8. BOEING 737 IS THE MOST POPULAR,
BOEING 737 IS THE MOST POPULAR, THE MOST WIDELY SOLD MODERN
THE MOST WIDELY SOLD MODERN PASSENGER AIRCRAFT IN THE WORLD,
PASSENGER AIRCRAFT IN THE WORLD, AND THIS IS THE NEW 737.
AND THIS IS THE NEW 737. THIS WAS A NEW PLANE.
THIS WAS A NEW PLANE. THE NEW ITERATION OF THAT
THE NEW ITERATION OF THAT WORKHORSE OF THE COMMERCIAL
WORKHORSE OF THE COMMERCIAL AVIATION INDUSTRY, BUT IN THAT
AVIATION INDUSTRY, BUT IN THAT NEW PLANE SOMETHING HAPPENED
NEW PLANE SOMETHING HAPPENED SHORTLY AFTER TAKE OFF IN
SHORTLY AFTER TAKE OFF IN OCTOBER.
OCTOBER. THE PILOTS WERE REPORTEDLY
THE PILOTS WERE REPORTEDLY BASICALLY WRESTLING WITH THE
BASICALLY WRESTLING WITH THE PLANE TRYING TO GET THE NOSE UP
PLANE TRYING TO GET THE NOSE UP BUT AN AUTOMATIC LEVELING FUTURE
BUT AN AUTOMATIC LEVELING FUTURE IN THE PLANE SEEMS TO HAVE BEEN
IN THE PLANE SEEMS TO HAVE BEEN FIGHTING THEM PUSHING THE NOSE
FIGHTING THEM PUSHING THE NOSE DOWN.
DOWN. THE PILOTS ON THAT FLIGHT
THE PILOTS ON THAT FLIGHT REQUESTED PERMISSION TO RETURN
REQUESTED PERMISSION TO RETURN TO THE AIRPORT BECAUSE OF THE
TO THE AIRPORT BECAUSE OF THE TROUBLE THEY WERE HAVING WITH
TROUBLE THEY WERE HAVING WITH THAT AIRCRAFT, BUT SHORTLY AFTER
THAT AIRCRAFT, BUT SHORTLY AFTER MAKING THAT REQUEST, THE PLANE
MAKING THAT REQUEST, THE PLANE WENT DOWN, HIT THE OCEAN.
WENT DOWN, HIT THE OCEAN. 189 PEOPLE KILLED.
189 PEOPLE KILLED. THEN THIS WEEKEND ON SUNDAY,ETHI
THEN THIS WEEKEND ON SUNDAY,ETHI 737 MAX 8.
737 MAX 8. THE NEW ITITERATION.
THE NEW ITITERATION. 157 PEOPLE WERE KILLED AND THE
157 PEOPLE WERE KILLED AND THE CIRCUMSTANCES APPEAR TO HAVE
CIRCUMSTANCES APPEAR TO HAVE BEEN REMARKABLY SIMILAR.
BEEN REMARKABLY SIMILAR. THE INVESTIGATION INTO THE CRASH
THE INVESTIGATION INTO THE CRASH THIS WEEKEND IN ETHIOPIA HAS
THIS WEEKEND IN ETHIOPIA HAS JUST BEGUN.
JUST BEGUN. WE DON’T KNOW HOW CLOSELY IT
WE DON’T KNOW HOW CLOSELY IT WILL BE MAPPED ONTO THE
WILL BE MAPPED ONTO THE CIRCUMSTANCES OF THAT OTHER
CIRCUMSTANCES OF THAT OTHER RECENT PLANE CRASH OF THAT OTHER
RECENT PLANE CRASH OF THAT OTHER SAME KIND OF PLANE IN INDONESIA,
SAME KIND OF PLANE IN INDONESIA, BUT THIS ONE WAS VERY SOON AFTER
BUT THIS ONE WAS VERY SOON AFTER TAKE OFF, WHILE THE PLANE WAS
TAKE OFF, WHILE THE PLANE WAS ASCENDING, FLIGHT DATA SHOWS THE
ASCENDING, FLIGHT DATA SHOWS THE PLANE INITIALLY ASSENTED AS
PLANE INITIALLY ASSENTED AS NORMAL THEN DESCENDED, THEN IT
NORMAL THEN DESCENDED, THEN IT ASCENDED SHARPLY AGAIN WHILE
ASCENDED SHARPLY AGAIN WHILE ACCELERATING AND AS IN THE
ACCELERATING AND AS IN THE PREVIOUS CRASH IN INDONESIA, THE
PREVIOUS CRASH IN INDONESIA, THE PILOT RADIOED BACK AND ASKED TO
PILOT RADIOED BACK AND ASKED TO RETURN TO THE AIRPORT FROM WHICH
RETURN TO THE AIRPORT FROM WHICH HE HAD JUST TAKEN OFF BECAUSE OF
HE HAD JUST TAKEN OFF BECAUSE OF THE TROUBLE HE WAS HAVING WITH
THE TROUBLE HE WAS HAVING WITH THE AIRCRAFT BUT SOON AFTER
THE AIRCRAFT BUT SOON AFTER RELAYING THAT REQUEST, AGAIN,
RELAYING THAT REQUEST, AGAIN, THE FLIGHT CRASHED.
THE FLIGHT CRASHED. NO SURVIVORS.
NO SURVIVORS. 157 PEOPLE DEAD.
157 PEOPLE DEAD. NOW IT WAS THE SAME KIND OF
NOW IT WAS THE SAME KIND OF PLANE IN EACH CRASH.
PLANE IN EACH CRASH. BOEING INSISTS THESE PLANES ARE
BOEING INSISTS THESE PLANES ARE SAFE.
SAFE. BUT AFTER THESE TWO CRASHES,
BUT AFTER THESE TWO CRASHES, UNDER REMARKABLY SIMILAR
UNDER REMARKABLY SIMILAR CIRCUMSTANCES, NEARLY 350 PEOPLE
CIRCUMSTANCES, NEARLY 350 PEOPLE KILLED BETWEEN THEM, I MEAN, IN
KILLED BETWEEN THEM, I MEAN, IN THE MODERN AGE, IN THE MODERN
THE MODERN AGE, IN THE MODERN AVIATION AGE, TRAINED COMMERCIAL
AVIATION AGE, TRAINED COMMERCIAL PILOTS FLYING LARGE COMMERCIAL
PILOTS FLYING LARGE COMMERCIAL PASSENGER JETS JUST DON’T CRASH
PASSENGER JETS JUST DON’T CRASH THEM VERY OFTEN.
THEM VERY OFTEN. THIS DOESN’T HAPPEN LET ALONE
THIS DOESN’T HAPPEN LET ALONE TWICE IN FIVE MONTHS.
TWICE IN FIVE MONTHS. AND YOU KNOW MAYBE IT’S JUST A
AND YOU KNOW MAYBE IT’S JUST A COINCIDENCE THAT THESE TWO
COINCIDENCE THAT THESE TWO BRAND-NEW JETS OF THE EXACT SAME
BRAND-NEW JETS OF THE EXACT SAME KIND CAME DOWN IN SIMILAR
KIND CAME DOWN IN SIMILAR CIRCUMSTANCES WITHIN JUST A FEW
CIRCUMSTANCES WITHIN JUST A FEW MONTHS OF EACH OTHER, BUT NOW
MONTHS OF EACH OTHER, BUT NOW THAT BOTH OF THESE CRASHES HAVE
THAT BOTH OF THESE CRASHES HAVE HAPPENED IN THIS CLOSE
HAPPENED IN THIS CLOSE PROXIMITY, NEWS ORGANIZATIONS
PROXIMITY, NEWS ORGANIZATIONS INCLUDING THE A.P. AND DALLAS
INCLUDING THE A.P. AND DALLAS MORNING NEWS THIS AFTERNOON
MORNING NEWS THIS AFTERNOON TODAY HAVE BEEN SCANNING A U.S.
TODAY HAVE BEEN SCANNING A U.S. DATABASE WHERE AMERICAN
DATABASE WHERE AMERICAN COMMERCIAL PILOTS CAN
COMMERCIAL PILOTS CAN VOLUNTARILY REPORT AVIATION
VOLUNTARILY REPORT AVIATION INCIDENTS AND AVIATION CONCERNS.
INCIDENTS AND AVIATION CONCERNS. AND IT TURNS OUT THAT IN THIS
AND IT TURNS OUT THAT IN THIS PUBLICLY ACCESSIBLE DATA BASE,
PUBLICLY ACCESSIBLE DATA BASE, THERE IS A WHOLE BUNCH OF
THERE IS A WHOLE BUNCH OF REPORTS THAT SHOW AMERICAN
REPORTS THAT SHOW AMERICAN PILOTS FLYING AMERICAN
PILOTS FLYING AMERICAN COMMERCIAL FLIGHTS EXPRESSING
COMMERCIAL FLIGHTS EXPRESSING NOT JUST CONCERNS ABOUT THIS
NOT JUST CONCERNS ABOUT THIS PARTICULAR NEW BOEING AIRCRAFT
PARTICULAR NEW BOEING AIRCRAFT BUT AMERICAN PILOTS ON DOMESTIC
BUT AMERICAN PILOTS ON DOMESTIC FLIGHTS DESCRIBING THE SAME
FLIGHTS DESCRIBING THE SAME DIFFICULTY ON TAKE OFF, THE SAME
DIFFICULTY ON TAKE OFF, THE SAME SPECIFIC PROBLEM WHERE THEY ARE
SPECIFIC PROBLEM WHERE THEY ARE ASCENDING AFTER TAKE OFF, RISING
ASCENDING AFTER TAKE OFF, RISING TOWARDS THE CRUISING ALTITUDE
TOWARDS THE CRUISING ALTITUDE WHEN SOMETHING IN THE AUTOMATED
WHEN SOMETHING IN THE AUTOMATED SYSTEMS IN THAT PLANE BASICALLY
SYSTEMS IN THAT PLANE BASICALLY TAKES OVER AND PULLS THE NOSE
TAKES OVER AND PULLS THE NOSE DOWN.
DOWN. HERE IS ONE FROM A FIRST
HERE IS ONE FROM A FIRST OFFICER.
OFFICER. SO FROM BASICALLY THE CO-PILOT
SO FROM BASICALLY THE CO-PILOT OF A BOEING 737 MAX.
OF A BOEING 737 MAX. THIS IS A U.S. FLIGHT THAT
THIS IS A U.S. FLIGHT THAT HAPPENED SOMETIME IN NOVEMBER
HAPPENED SOMETIME IN NOVEMBER 2018.
2018. QUOTE, DAY THREE OF THREE
QUOTE, DAY THREE OF THREE DEPARTING IN A MAX 8 AFTER A
DEPARTING IN A MAX 8 AFTER A LONG OVERNIGHT, I WAS WELL
LONG OVERNIGHT, I WAS WELL RESTED.
RESTED. ON DEPARTURE WE HAD STRONG CROSS
ON DEPARTURE WE HAD STRONG CROSS WINDS DIRECTLY OFF THE RIGHT
WINDS DIRECTLY OFF THE RIGHT WING.
WING. THE AIRCRAFT ACCELERATED
THE AIRCRAFT ACCELERATED NORMALLY AND THE CAPTAIN ENGAGED
NORMALLY AND THE CAPTAIN ENGAGED THE A AUTO PILOT AFTER REACHING
THE A AUTO PILOT AFTER REACHING SET SPEED.
SET SPEED. WITHIN TWO TO THREE SECONDS, THE
WITHIN TWO TO THREE SECONDS, THE AIRCRAFT PITCHED NOSE DOWN.
AIRCRAFT PITCHED NOSE DOWN. I CALLED DESCENDING JUST PRIOR
I CALLED DESCENDING JUST PRIOR TO AN AIRCRAFT SAFETY SYSTEM
TO AN AIRCRAFT SAFETY SYSTEM SOUNDING, DON’T SYNC, THE
SOUNDING, DON’T SYNC, THE CAPTAIN DISCONNECTED AUTO PILOT
CAPTAIN DISCONNECTED AUTO PILOT AND PITCHED INTO A CLAIM.
AND PITCHED INTO A CLAIM. THE REMAINDER OF THE FLIGHT WAS
THE REMAINDER OF THE FLIGHT WAS UNEVENTFUL.
UNEVENTFUL. WE DISCUSSED THE DEPARTURE AT
WE DISCUSSED THE DEPARTURE AT MONTH AND I REVIEWED THE SETUP
MONTH AND I REVIEWED THE SETUP AND FLIGHT PROFILE BUT CAN’T
AND FLIGHT PROFILE BUT CAN’T THINK OF ANY REASON THE AIRCRAFT
THINK OF ANY REASON THE AIRCRAFT WOULD PITCH NOSE DOWN SO
WOULD PITCH NOSE DOWN SO AGGRESSIVELY.
AGGRESSIVELY. THAT’S FROM A FIRST OFFICER.
THAT’S FROM A FIRST OFFICER. HERE IS ANOTHER ONE.
HERE IS ANOTHER ONE. THIS ONE IS FROM AN AMERICAN
THIS ONE IS FROM AN AMERICAN CAPTAIN THIS TIME FROM THE
CAPTAIN THIS TIME FROM THE PILOT.
PILOT. REPORTING ON A DOMESTIC FLIGHT
REPORTING ON A DOMESTIC FLIGHT IN THE UNITED STATES, AGAIN
IN THE UNITED STATES, AGAIN SOMETIME IN NOVEMBER OF 2018 AND
SOMETIME IN NOVEMBER OF 2018 AND THIS CAPTAIN DESCRIBES A
THIS CAPTAIN DESCRIBES A REMARKABLY SIMILAR CIRCUMSTANCE.
REMARKABLY SIMILAR CIRCUMSTANCE. AFTER WHAT THE CAPTAIN DESCRIBES
AFTER WHAT THE CAPTAIN DESCRIBES AS A TAKE OFF AND CLIMB IN LIGHT
AS A TAKE OFF AND CLIMB IN LIGHT TO MODERATE TURBULENCE, THE
TO MODERATE TURBULENCE, THE PLANE’S NOSE STARTED TO DIVE.
PLANE’S NOSE STARTED TO DIVE. QUOTE, THE PILOT MONITORING
QUOTE, THE PILOT MONITORING SYSTEM CALLED DESCENDING
SYSTEM CALLED DESCENDING FOLLOWED BY AN ALMOST IMMEDIATE
FOLLOWED BY AN ALMOST IMMEDIATE DON’T SYNC, DON’T SYNC.
DON’T SYNC, DON’T SYNC. THE PILOT MONITORING SYSTEM
THE PILOT MONITORING SYSTEM CALLED DESCENDING BUT AN ALMOST
CALLED DESCENDING BUT AN ALMOST IMMEDIATE DON’T SINK, DON’T
IMMEDIATE DON’T SINK, DON’T SINK.
SINK. IT WAS ENGAGED AND RESUMED
IT WAS ENGAGED AND RESUMED CLIMB.
CLIMB. WITH THE CONCERNS WITH THE MAX 8
WITH THE CONCERNS WITH THE MAX 8 NOSE DOWN STUFF, WE BOTH THOUGHT
NOSE DOWN STUFF, WE BOTH THOUGHT IT APPROPRIATE TO BRING IT TO
IT APPROPRIATE TO BRING IT TO YOUR ATTENTION.
YOUR ATTENTION. SO IN THIS DATA BASE, AGAIN,
SO IN THIS DATA BASE, AGAIN, THIS PLACE WHERE PILOTS AND
THIS PLACE WHERE PILOTS AND FIRST OFFICERS CAN REPORT
FIRST OFFICERS CAN REPORT CONCERNS AND FLIGHT DIFFICULTY
CONCERNS AND FLIGHT DIFFICULTY WITHOUT WORRYING ABOUT CAREER
WITHOUT WORRYING ABOUT CAREER REPERCUSSIONS FOR THEMSELVES,
REPERCUSSIONS FOR THEMSELVES, THEY POST THIS INFORMATION AND
THEY POST THIS INFORMATION AND ALLOW IT TO GO INTO THIS DATA
ALLOW IT TO GO INTO THIS DATA BASE, THE END IS BLUNT.
BASE, THE END IS BLUNT. CAPTAIN REPORTS AUTO PILOT
CAPTAIN REPORTS AUTO PILOT ANOMALY THAT LEAD TO AN
ANOMALY THAT LEAD TO AN UNDESIRED NOSE DOWN BRIEF
UNDESIRED NOSE DOWN BRIEF SITUATION.
SITUATION. SO THESE THINGS -- I MEAN, THESE
SO THESE THINGS -- I MEAN, THESE ARE OUT THERE IN THIS PUBLIC
ARE OUT THERE IN THIS PUBLIC DATA BASE.
DATA BASE. QUOTE, AIRCRAFT PITCHED NOSE
QUOTE, AIRCRAFT PITCHED NOSE DOWN AFTER ENGAGING AUTO PILOT
DOWN AFTER ENGAGING AUTO PILOT ON DEPARTURE.
ON DEPARTURE. AND, YOU KNOW, I AM NOT A
AND, YOU KNOW, I AM NOT A TRAINED AVIATION PROFESSIONAL,
TRAINED AVIATION PROFESSIONAL, STATISTICALLY SPEAKING, NEITHER
STATISTICALLY SPEAKING, NEITHER ARE YOU BUT SAFETY
ARE YOU BUT SAFETY PROFESSIONALS, THE WORLD OVER
PROFESSIONALS, THE WORLD OVER ARE ALL HAVING THE SAME REACTION
ARE ALL HAVING THE SAME REACTION TO ALL OF THIS NEWS.
TO ALL OF THIS NEWS. AS OF TODAY, THE LIST OF
AS OF TODAY, THE LIST OF COUNTRIES THAT HAS SUSPENDED ALL
COUNTRIES THAT HAS SUSPENDED ALL FLIGHTS OF THIS SPECIFIC TYPE OF
FLIGHTS OF THIS SPECIFIC TYPE OF BOEING AIRCRAFT INCLUDES THE
BOEING AIRCRAFT INCLUDES THE U.K., FRANCE, GERMANY,
U.K., FRANCE, GERMANY, AUSTRALIA, CHINA, SINGAPORE,
AUSTRALIA, CHINA, SINGAPORE, UEA, KUWAIT, MALAYSIA, INDONESIA
UEA, KUWAIT, MALAYSIA, INDONESIA INDONESIA, STOP HE WHEN YOU
INDONESIA, STOP HE WHEN YOU HEARD ENOUGH.
HEARD ENOUGH. AFTER A BUNCH OF MAJOR EUROPEAN
AFTER A BUNCH OF MAJOR EUROPEAN COUNTRIES STARTED INDIVIDUALLY
COUNTRIES STARTED INDIVIDUALLY BANNING 737 MAX 8s TODAY THE
BANNING 737 MAX 8s TODAY THE OVERALL SAFETY REGULATOR FOR THE
OVERALL SAFETY REGULATOR FOR THE EUROPEAN UNION STEPPED IN AND
EUROPEAN UNION STEPPED IN AND FOR THE E.U. BLOCKED ALL FLIGHTS
FOR THE E.U. BLOCKED ALL FLIGHTS BY THESE BOEING PLANES IN
BY THESE BOEING PLANES IN ADDITION TO SPECIFIC AIRLINES
ADDITION TO SPECIFIC AIRLINES TAKING IT UPON THEMSELVES TO
TAKING IT UPON THEMSELVES TO STOP FLIGHTS BY THESE PLANES
STOP FLIGHTS BY THESE PLANES WHETHER OR NOT THEIR COUNTRY OF
WHETHER OR NOT THEIR COUNTRY OF ORIGIN OR COUNTRY BANNED THEM,
ORIGIN OR COUNTRY BANNED THEM, AND THIS IS -- I MEAN, THIS IS
AND THIS IS -- I MEAN, THIS IS AN UNEQUIVOCAL REACTION
AN UNEQUIVOCAL REACTION EVERYWHERE OUTSIDE THE UNITED
EVERYWHERE OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES.
STATES. SOME COUNTRIES INCLUDING THE
SOME COUNTRIES INCLUDING THE U.K. AREN’T JUST BANNING TAKE
U.K. AREN’T JUST BANNING TAKE OFFS AND LANDINGS BUT BANNING
OFFS AND LANDINGS BUT BANNING OVER FLIGHTS BY THESE PLANES.
OVER FLIGHTS BY THESE PLANES. WHICH MEANS THEY WON’T ALLOW
WHICH MEANS THEY WON’T ALLOW THESE PLANES TO BE FLOWN OVER
THESE PLANES TO BE FLOWN OVER THEIR AIR SPACE.
THEIR AIR SPACE. THESE FLIGHTS ARE TO BE KEPT --
THESE FLIGHTS ARE TO BE KEPT -- THESE PLANES ARE TO BE KEPT OUT
THESE PLANES ARE TO BE KEPT OUT OF THEIR AIR SPACE UNTIL FURTHER
OF THEIR AIR SPACE UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE EVEN IF THEY DON’T PLAN
NOTICE EVEN IF THEY DON’T PLAN ON LENDING INSIDE THE U.K. BUT
ON LENDING INSIDE THE U.K. BUT THAT’S NOT HOW IT’S BEEN HANDLED
THAT’S NOT HOW IT’S BEEN HANDLED IN THE UNITED STATES WHICH IS
IN THE UNITED STATES WHICH IS THE INTERNATIONAL GOLD STANDERED
THE INTERNATIONAL GOLD STANDERED AND INTERNATIONAL ARTAYLOR AS
AND INTERNATIONAL ARTAYLOR AS PASSENGER AIRLINE SAFETY
PASSENGER AIRLINE SAFETY STANDARDS.
STANDARDS. AS THESE GLOBAL AIRLINES AND
AS THESE GLOBAL AIRLINES AND COUNTRIES AROUND THE WORLD
COUNTRIES AROUND THE WORLD BANNED FLIGHTS BY THESE BOEING
BANNED FLIGHTS BY THESE BOEING AIRCRAFT, HERE IS OUR FAA AS OF
AIRCRAFT, HERE IS OUR FAA AS OF TONIGHT.
TONIGHT. QUOTE, THUS FAR OUR REVIEW SHOWS
QUOTE, THUS FAR OUR REVIEW SHOWS NO SYSTEM PERFORMANCE ISSUES AND
NO SYSTEM PERFORMANCE ISSUES AND PROVIDES NO BASIS TO ORDER
PROVIDES NO BASIS TO ORDER GROUNDING THE AIRCRAFT.
GROUNDING THE AIRCRAFT. NOW I MEAN, THIS COULD BE
NOW I MEAN, THIS COULD BE HAPPENING AT ANY TIME IN MODERN
HAPPENING AT ANY TIME IN MODERN AMERICAN HISTORY, RIGHT?
AMERICAN HISTORY, RIGHT? THIS TYPE OF CRISIS IN THE
THIS TYPE OF CRISIS IN THE GLOBAL AVIATION INDUSTRY IS THE
GLOBAL AVIATION INDUSTRY IS THE SORT OF TECHNOLOGY DRIVEN
SORT OF TECHNOLOGY DRIVEN SURPRISE EXTERNAL SECURITY
SURPRISE EXTERNAL SECURITY CRISIS THAT YOU DON’T WISH ON
CRISIS THAT YOU DON’T WISH ON ANYBODY, RIGHT?
ANYBODY, RIGHT? IT MAKES YOU WISH AND HOPE AND
IT MAKES YOU WISH AND HOPE AND PRAY FOR COMPETENCE AND CAPACITY
PRAY FOR COMPETENCE AND CAPACITY IN THE LEADERSHIP YOU’VE GOT
IN THE LEADERSHIP YOU’VE GOT THAT HAS TO DEAL WITH THE CRISIS
THAT HAS TO DEAL WITH THE CRISIS LIKE THIS AT ALL LEVELS.
LIKE THIS AT ALL LEVELS. RIGHT?
RIGHT? THIS IS THE SORT OF THING THAT
THIS IS THE SORT OF THING THAT WANTS YOU TO HAVE REALLY GOOD,
WANTS YOU TO HAVE REALLY GOOD, REALLY SMART, REALLY QUALIFIED
REALLY SMART, REALLY QUALIFIED PEOPLE IN PLACE WHEN THIS CRISIS
PEOPLE IN PLACE WHEN THIS CRISIS ARAISINGE
ARAISINGE ARISING.
ARISING. WHEN THIS HAPPENS NOW AT THIS
WHEN THIS HAPPENS NOW AT THIS POINT IN OUR COUNTRY, OF COURSE,
POINT IN OUR COUNTRY, OF COURSE, WE HAVE SOME NOVEL CONCERNS
WE HAVE SOME NOVEL CONCERNS RIGHT NOW IN OUR COUNTRY THAT WE
RIGHT NOW IN OUR COUNTRY THAT WE MIGHT NOT NECESSARILY HAVE WITH
MIGHT NOT NECESSARILY HAVE WITH ANY OTHER PRESIDENT IN PLACE,
ANY OTHER PRESIDENT IN PLACE, WITH ANY OTHER PRESIDENTIAL
WITH ANY OTHER PRESIDENTIAL ADMINISTRATION IN PLACE FOR
ADMINISTRATION IN PLACE FOR EXAMPLE, THAT STATEMENT FROM THE
EXAMPLE, THAT STATEMENT FROM THE F.A.A. TODAY SAYING EVERYTHING
F.A.A. TODAY SAYING EVERYTHING IS FINE AS FAR AS THEY CAN TELL,
IS FINE AS FAR AS THEY CAN TELL, EVERYTHING IS FINE, NO NEED TO
EVERYTHING IS FINE, NO NEED TO WORRY YOU CAN SEE THAT STATEMENT
WORRY YOU CAN SEE THAT STATEMENT WAS PUT OUT IN THE NAME OF THE
WAS PUT OUT IN THE NAME OF THE ACTING F.A.
ACTING F.A. ACT FINGING FAA ADMINISTRATOR BU
ACT FINGING FAA ADMINISTRATOR BU IS A LITTLE BIT ODD IF YOU THINK
IS A LITTLE BIT ODD IF YOU THINK ABOUT IT THIS FAR INTO THE TRUMP
ABOUT IT THIS FAR INTO THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION, MORE THAN TWO
ADMINISTRATION, MORE THAN TWO YEARS INTO THE TRUMP PRESIDENCY,
YEARS INTO THE TRUMP PRESIDENCY, WHY DO WE STILL HAVE AN ACTING
WHY DO WE STILL HAVE AN ACTING ADMINISTRATOR IN PLACE AT FAA?
ADMINISTRATOR IN PLACE AT FAA? HE HAS BEEN THERE SINCE
HE HAS BEEN THERE SINCE PRESIDENT OBAMA’S FAA
PRESIDENT OBAMA’S FAA ADMINISTRATOR LEFT THE JOB WHEN
ADMINISTRATOR LEFT THE JOB WHEN HIS TERM CAME TO AN END IN
HIS TERM CAME TO AN END IN JANUARY 2018 WELL OVER A YEAR
JANUARY 2018 WELL OVER A YEAR AGO AND AGAIN, I’M NOT CASTING
AGO AND AGAIN, I’M NOT CASTING ASPERSIONS WHATSOEVER BUT THE
ASPERSIONS WHATSOEVER BUT THE REASON THERE ISN’T A SENATE
REASON THERE ISN’T A SENATE CONFIRMED OFFICIAL PEARL
CONFIRMED OFFICIAL PEARL INNOCENT LEAD --
INNOCENT LEAD -- PERMANENT LEADER IS BECAUSE
PERMANENT LEADER IS BECAUSE PRESIDENT TRUMP HASN’T FORMALLY
PRESIDENT TRUMP HASN’T FORMALLY NOMINATED ANYBODY FOR THE JOB.
NOMINATED ANYBODY FOR THE JOB. WITHIN THE LAST FEW DAYS HE SAID
WITHIN THE LAST FEW DAYS HE SAID THAT -- OR IT’S BEEN REPORT THAT
THAT -- OR IT’S BEEN REPORT THAT HE IS EXPECTED TO NAME ADELE DEL
HE IS EXPECTED TO NAME ADELE DEL EXECUTIVE FOR THE JOB BUT NOBODY
EXECUTIVE FOR THE JOB BUT NOBODY IS NOMINATED YET AND THIS TIME
IS NOMINATED YET AND THIS TIME LAST YEAR THE GUY HE WAS PUTTING
LAST YEAR THE GUY HE WAS PUTTING FORWARD AS HIS FIRST CHOICE FOR
FORWARD AS HIS FIRST CHOICE FOR THE JOB, REMEMBER THAT?
THE JOB, REMEMBER THAT? OWN PERSONAL PILOT, PRESIDENT
OWN PERSONAL PILOT, PRESIDENT TRUMP WANTED TO INSTALL AS THE
TRUMP WANTED TO INSTALL AS THE AD MINUTEADMINISTRATOR OF THE FA
AD MINUTEADMINISTRATOR OF THE FA GUY THAT FLIES THE TRUMP PLANE.
GUY THAT FLIES THE TRUMP PLANE. NOT AIR FORCE ONE BUT THE PLANE
NOT AIR FORCE ONE BUT THE PLANE THAT SAYS TRUMP ON IT.
THAT SAYS TRUMP ON IT. REMEMBER THE ONE FROM THE
REMEMBER THE ONE FROM THE CAMPAIGN?
CAMPAIGN? I REMEMBER AT THE TIME THEY EVEN
I REMEMBER AT THE TIME THEY EVEN TRIED TO ROLL THIS OUT LIKE IT
TRIED TO ROLL THIS OUT LIKE IT WAS SOME SORT OF, YOU KNOW, SOME
WAS SOME SORT OF, YOU KNOW, SOME SORT OF LIKE BOLD SMART MOVE BY
SORT OF LIKE BOLD SMART MOVE BY TRUMP HE WOULD TAP HIS OWN
TRUMP HE WOULD TAP HIS OWN PLANE’S PILOT TO RUN THE FAA.
PLANE’S PILOT TO RUN THE FAA. THEY ROLLED OUT AN ANONYMOUS
THEY ROLLED OUT AN ANONYMOUS ADMINISTRATION OFFICIAL TO TRY
ADMINISTRATION OFFICIAL TO TRY TO SELL REPORTERS ON IT.
TO SELL REPORTERS ON IT. QUOTE, JOHN DUNCAN ISN’T JUST A
QUOTE, JOHN DUNCAN ISN’T JUST A PILOT, HE OVER SAW THE TRUMP
PILOT, HE OVER SAW THE TRUMP PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN’S AIR
PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN’S AIR FLEET.
FLEET. SAYS ANONYMOUS WHITE HOUSE
SAYS ANONYMOUS WHITE HOUSE OFFICIAL PUT OUT FOR THIS
OFFICIAL PUT OUT FOR THIS PURPOSE.
PURPOSE. HE OVER SAW THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN’S
HE OVER SAW THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN’S AIR FLEET.
AIR FLEET. WOW.
WOW. NO ONE IS DISPUTING THAT’S TRUE
NO ONE IS DISPUTING THAT’S TRUE BUT REMEMBER DURING THE CAMPAIGN
BUT REMEMBER DURING THE CAMPAIGN WHEN THE TRUMP PRESIDENTIAL
WHEN THE TRUMP PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN PLANE GOT GROUNDED FOR
CAMPAIGN PLANE GOT GROUNDED FOR AWHILE?
AWHILE? THE HEAT OF THE CAMPAIGN.
THE HEAT OF THE CAMPAIGN. LIKE APRIL, LATE APRIL 2016.
LIKE APRIL, LATE APRIL 2016. THE REASON HIS CAMPAIGN PLANE
THE REASON HIS CAMPAIGN PLANE GOT GROUNDED IS BECAUSE IT
GOT GROUNDED IS BECAUSE IT TURNED OUT THEY HAVE BEEN FLYING
TURNED OUT THEY HAVE BEEN FLYING THAT JET FOR MONTHS WITHOUT IT
THAT JET FOR MONTHS WITHOUT IT BEING REGISTERED.
BEING REGISTERED. OOPS.
OOPS. YEAH, WELL, THE DIRECTOR OF
YEAH, WELL, THE DIRECTOR OF AVIATION FOR THE TRUMP
AVIATION FOR THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION WHO IS RESPONSIBLE
ORGANIZATION WHO IS RESPONSIBLE BOTH FOR FLYING THE PLANE AND
BOTH FOR FLYING THE PLANE AND FOR DIRECTING ALL AVIATION
FOR DIRECTING ALL AVIATION OPERATIONS FOR MAKING SURE THAT
OPERATIONS FOR MAKING SURE THAT STUFF LIKE I DON’T KNOW, THE
STUFF LIKE I DON’T KNOW, THE PLANE IS REGISTERED SO IT CAN
PLANE IS REGISTERED SO IT CAN LEGALLY FLY, THAT’S THE GUY WHO
LEGALLY FLY, THAT’S THE GUY WHO PRESIDENT TRUMP INITIALLY TAPPED
PRESIDENT TRUMP INITIALLY TAPPED TO PUT IN CHARGE OF AMERICA’S
TO PUT IN CHARGE OF AMERICA’S $18 BILLION FEDERAL REGULATORY
$18 BILLION FEDERAL REGULATORY AGENCY OVERSEEING THE
AGENCY OVERSEEING THE INTERNATIONAL GOLD STANDARD IN
INTERNATIONAL GOLD STANDARD IN AIRLINE SAFETY.
AIRLINE SAFETY. HE’S SO GOOD AT FLYING MY PLANE
HE’S SO GOOD AT FLYING MY PLANE EXCEPT FOR THE FACT THAT IT’S
EXCEPT FOR THE FACT THAT IT’S UN -- WELL, YOU KNOW, LOOK, HE’S
UN -- WELL, YOU KNOW, LOOK, HE’S AN EXPERT, HE WORKS FOR ME.
AN EXPERT, HE WORKS FOR ME. HE’S GOT TO BE THE BEST.
HE’S GOT TO BE THE BEST. ONLY THE BEST PEOPLE.
ONLY THE BEST PEOPLE. THAT DID NOT WORK OUT.
THAT DID NOT WORK OUT. THAT TIME THE PRESIDENT WANTED
THAT TIME THE PRESIDENT WANTED TO NOMINATE HIS PERSONAL PILOT
TO NOMINATE HIS PERSONAL PILOT TO RUN THE FAA, THAT DID NOT
TO RUN THE FAA, THAT DID NOT ULTIMATELY COME TO FRUITION BUT
ULTIMATELY COME TO FRUITION BUT APPARENTLY, THAT’S THE ONLY
APPARENTLY, THAT’S THE ONLY PERSON HE WANTED IS AS FAR AS HE
PERSON HE WANTED IS AS FAR AS HE CAN IMAGINE IN TERMS OF A GOOD
CAN IMAGINE IN TERMS OF A GOOD PERSON FOR THE JOB.
PERSON FOR THE JOB. HERE WE ARE TWO YEARS INTO THE
HERE WE ARE TWO YEARS INTO THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION, THERE IS
TRUMP ADMINISTRATION, THERE IS STILL AN ACTING DIRECTOR AND NOW
STILL AN ACTING DIRECTOR AND NOW TONIGHT, THE FAA INCREASINGLY
TONIGHT, THE FAA INCREASINGLY STANDS ALONE ON THE
STANDS ALONE ON THE INTERNATIONAL STAGE IN SEAYING
INTERNATIONAL STAGE IN SEAYING THESE BOEING PLANES ARE FINE.
THESE BOEING PLANES ARE FINE. WE SEE NO PROBLEM WHATSOEVER
WE SEE NO PROBLEM WHATSOEVER HERE.
HERE. AND AGAIN, THERE ARE JUST NOVEL
AND AGAIN, THERE ARE JUST NOVEL CONCERNS WE NEVER HAD TO THINK
CONCERNS WE NEVER HAD TO THINK ABOUT BEFORE THIS PRESIDENCY.
ABOUT BEFORE THIS PRESIDENCY. BUT SINCE PRESIDENT TRUMP HAS
BUT SINCE PRESIDENT TRUMP HAS BEEN IN OFFICE, THE CEO OF
BEEN IN OFFICE, THE CEO OF BOEING, THE COMPANY THAT MAKES
BOEING, THE COMPANY THAT MAKES THESE PLANES HAS MADE A POINT OF
THESE PLANES HAS MADE A POINT OF VISITING WITH THE PRESIDENT AT
VISITING WITH THE PRESIDENT AT THE PRIVATE FOR PROFIT CLUB
THE PRIVATE FOR PROFIT CLUB MAR-A-LAGO SINCE THIS CRISIS HAS
MAR-A-LAGO SINCE THIS CRISIS HAS EMERGED, IT’S REPORTED TODAY
EMERGED, IT’S REPORTED TODAY THAT SAME CEO HAS BEEN
THAT SAME CEO HAS BEEN PERSONALLY LOBBYING THE
PERSONALLY LOBBYING THE PRESIDENT BY PHONE SURELY
PRESIDENT BY PHONE SURELY REMINDING HIM OF HIS MAR-A-LAGO
REMINDING HIM OF HIS MAR-A-LAGO TRIPS AND TELLING HIM THE PLANE
TRIPS AND TELLING HIM THE PLANE IS GREAT AND NO PROBLEM AND
IS GREAT AND NO PROBLEM AND SHOULDN’T BE GROUNDED HERE IN
SHOULDN’T BE GROUNDED HERE IN THE UNITED STATES.
THE UNITED STATES. EVERYTHING IS FINE.
EVERYTHING IS FINE. BOEING SAYS THEY ARE FINE AND AS
BOEING SAYS THEY ARE FINE AND AS OF RIGHT NOW, THAT’S WHAT THE
OF RIGHT NOW, THAT’S WHAT THE FAA IS SAYING, TOO, ALONE IN THE
FAA IS SAYING, TOO, ALONE IN THE WORLD.
WORLD. NOW THAT POSITION BY THE
NOW THAT POSITION BY THE PRESIDENT AND BY THE FAA IS
PRESIDENT AND BY THE FAA IS BEING REJECTED ON A BIPARTISAN
BEING REJECTED ON A BIPARTISAN BASIS ON CAPITOL HILL REJECTED
BASIS ON CAPITOL HILL REJECTED BY SENATORS WHO RANGE FROM
BY SENATORS WHO RANGE FROM ELIZABETH WARREN TO TED CRUZ TO
ELIZABETH WARREN TO TED CRUZ TO DIE
DIE DIANE FEINSTEIN TO MITT ROMNEY.
DIANE FEINSTEIN TO MITT ROMNEY. THERE ARE MULTIPLE BIPARTISAN
THERE ARE MULTIPLE BIPARTISAN STATEMENTS FROM SENATORS ALL
STATEMENTS FROM SENATORS ALL OVER THE COUNTRY DEFYING THE
OVER THE COUNTRY DEFYING THE PRESIDENT ON THIS AND DEFYING
PRESIDENT ON THIS AND DEFYING THE FAA CALLING ON THESE PLANES
THE FAA CALLING ON THESE PLANES TO BE GROUNDED IN THE UNITED
TO BE GROUNDED IN THE UNITED STATES LIKE THEY ARE ALL AROUND
STATES LIKE THEY ARE ALL AROUND THE WORLD.
THE WORLD. SENATOR CRUZ OVERSEES A SEA -- A
SENATOR CRUZ OVERSEES A SEA -- A KEY SUBCOMMITTEE THAT HAS
KEY SUBCOMMITTEE THAT HAS OVERSIGHT RESPONSIBILITIES IN
OVERSIGHT RESPONSIBILITIES IN THE AVIATION INDUSTRY SENATOR
THE AVIATION INDUSTRY SENATOR CRUZ SAYS HE WILL CONVENE AN
CRUZ SAYS HE WILL CONVENE AN EMERGENCY HEARING TO TRY TO
EMERGENCY HEARING TO TRY TO ADDRESS THIS MATTER.
ADDRESS THIS MATTER. YOU MIGHT REMEMBER BACK IN THE
YOU MIGHT REMEMBER BACK IN THE OBAMA ADMINISTRATION IN 2013
OBAMA ADMINISTRATION IN 2013 THERE WAS ANOTHER BOEING PLANE
THERE WAS ANOTHER BOEING PLANE THAT WAS ORDERED GROUNDED ALL
THAT WAS ORDERED GROUNDED ALL ACROSS THE UNITED STATES.
ACROSS THE UNITED STATES. DO YOU REMEMBER THAT?
DO YOU REMEMBER THAT? THAT WASN’T THE 737, THAT WAS
THAT WASN’T THE 737, THAT WAS THE BOEING 787 AND BACK IN 2013,
THE BOEING 787 AND BACK IN 2013, ALL OF THOSE PLANES WERE
ALL OF THOSE PLANES WERE GROUNDED ON ORDERS FROM THE U.S.
GROUNDED ON ORDERS FROM THE U.S. GOVERNMENT WHEN THERE WAS WHAT
GOVERNMENT WHEN THERE WAS WHAT SEEMED TO BE A REOCCURRING
SEEMED TO BE A REOCCURRING PROBLEM WITH OVER HEATING
PROBLEM WITH OVER HEATING BATTERY PACKS, OVER HEATING
BATTERY PACKS, OVER HEATING LITHIUM ION BATTY RIERY PACKS AN
LITHIUM ION BATTY RIERY PACKS AN THAT TIME, PRESIDENT OBAMA’S
THAT TIME, PRESIDENT OBAMA’S TREASURY SECRETARY ORDERED
TREASURY SECRETARY ORDERED BOEING TO GROUND THE 787s AND
BOEING TO GROUND THE 787s AND LASTED LESS THAN A MONTH, BOEING
LASTED LESS THAN A MONTH, BOEING CRAFTED A NEW PART OF LITTLE
CRAFTED A NEW PART OF LITTLE FIRE RESISTANT COMPARTMENT TO
FIRE RESISTANT COMPARTMENT TO PUT AROUND THOSE BATTERIES AND
PUT AROUND THOSE BATTERIES AND THAT PASSED MUSTER AND
THAT PASSED MUSTER AND ULTIMATELY, THE PLANES WERE
ULTIMATELY, THE PLANES WERE BECOME UP AND FLYING.
BECOME UP AND FLYING. THE TRANSPORTATION SECRETARY IN
THE TRANSPORTATION SECRETARY IN THE OBAMA ADMINISTRATION WAS
THE OBAMA ADMINISTRATION WAS FORMER REPUBLICAN CONGRESSMAN
FORMER REPUBLICAN CONGRESSMAN RAY LA HOOD AND SPOKE WITH THE
RAY LA HOOD AND SPOKE WITH THE ASSOCIATED PRESS TODAY IN THE
ASSOCIATED PRESS TODAY IN THE CONTEXT OF THIS NEW CRISIS.
CONTEXT OF THIS NEW CRISIS. HE POINTED OUT TODAY THAT EVEN
HE POINTED OUT TODAY THAT EVEN IF THE FAA CONTINUES WITH THIS
IF THE FAA CONTINUES WITH THIS LINE THAT EVERYTHING IS FINE,
LINE THAT EVERYTHING IS FINE, NOTHING IS WORTH WORRYING ABOUT
NOTHING IS WORTH WORRYING ABOUT HERE, WE’RE NOT GOING TO DO
HERE, WE’RE NOT GOING TO DO ANYTHING, IF THE FAA HUES TO
ANYTHING, IF THE FAA HUES TO THIS LINE, RAY LA HOOD IS
THIS LINE, RAY LA HOOD IS POINTING OUT THAT TRUMP’S
POINTING OUT THAT TRUMP’S TRANSPORTATION SECRETARY WHO IS
TRANSPORTATION SECRETARY WHO IS NOW EILEEN CHOW, SHE HAS THE
NOW EILEEN CHOW, SHE HAS THE POWER IF SHE SO CHOOSES TO
POWER IF SHE SO CHOOSES TO OVERALL THE FAA AND TO HERSELF
OVERALL THE FAA AND TO HERSELF ORDER THE GROUNDING OF THESE
ORDER THE GROUNDING OF THESE BOEING 737s IF SHE FEELS LIKE IT
BOEING 737s IF SHE FEELS LIKE IT IS WARRANTED, SHE CAN DO IT ON
IS WARRANTED, SHE CAN DO IT ON HER OWN SAY SO AS SECRETARY OF
HER OWN SAY SO AS SECRETARY OF TRANSPORTATION.
TRANSPORTATION. RAY LA HOOD REMINDING
RAY LA HOOD REMINDING TRANSPORTATION SECRETARY EILEEN
TRANSPORTATION SECRETARY EILEEN CHOW OF HER POWER TO DO SO AND
CHOW OF HER POWER TO DO SO AND CALLING ON HER TO DO THAT IN THE
CALLING ON HER TO DO THAT IN THE CASE OF THESE BOEING 737 MAXSES.
CASE OF THESE BOEING 737 MAXSES. THESE PLANES ARE BEING GROUNDED
THESE PLANES ARE BEING GROUNDED ALL OVER THE WORLD.
ALL OVER THE WORLD. IN SOME CASES, NOT JUST TAKE
IN SOME CASES, NOT JUST TAKE OFFS AND LANDINGS BUT
OFFS AND LANDINGS BUT OVERSIGHTS.
OVERSIGHTS. AIRLINES ALL OVER THE WORLD ARE
AIRLINES ALL OVER THE WORLD ARE STOPPING FLYING THESE BOEING
STOPPING FLYING THESE BOEING PLANES.
PLANES. IN SOME CASES TODAY, AIRLINES
IN SOME CASES TODAY, AIRLINES THAT HAD FLIGHTS IN THE AIR,
THAT HAD FLIGHTS IN THE AIR, THIS TYPE OF PLANE IN THE AIR,
THIS TYPE OF PLANE IN THE AIR, IN SOME CASES AIRLINES TODAY
IN SOME CASES AIRLINES TODAY TURNED THOSE FLIGHTS AROUND
TURNED THOSE FLIGHTS AROUND MIDAIR, FLEW THEM BACK TO WHERE
MIDAIR, FLEW THEM BACK TO WHERE THEY STARTED AND GROUNDED THEM
THEY STARTED AND GROUNDED THEM ONCE THEY LANDED.
ONCE THEY LANDED. WOULDN’T EVEN LET THEM COMPLETE
WOULDN’T EVEN LET THEM COMPLETE THEIR FLIGHTS.
THEIR FLIGHTS. WHILE HERE IN THE UNITED STATES
WHILE HERE IN THE UNITED STATES WE’VE GOT A PRESIDENT WHOSE BEEN
WE’VE GOT A PRESIDENT WHOSE BEEN PERMLY LY
PERMLY LY PERSONALLY CHATTING TO THE CEO
PERSONALLY CHATTING TO THE CEO ON THIS MATTER TELLING HIM
ON THIS MATTER TELLING HIM EVERYTHING IS FINE, NOTHING IS
EVERYTHING IS FINE, NOTHING IS WORTH WORRYING ABOUT HERE, Y,
WORTH WORRYING ABOUT HERE, Y, DO YOU MAYBE WANT TO PLAY GOLF
DO YOU MAYBE WANT TO PLAY GOLF NEXT WEEK?
NEXT WEEK? THE PRESIDENT’S FAA WOULD NOW BE
THE PRESIDENT’S FAA WOULD NOW BE LED BY THE PRESIDENT’S PILOT
LED BY THE PRESIDENT’S PILOT FROM HIS OWN PRIVATE JET IF THE
FROM HIS OWN PRIVATE JET IF THE PRESIDENT HAD HAD HIS WAY ON THE
PRESIDENT HAD HAD HIS WAY ON THE MATTER WITH THE FAA, BUT HE
MATTER WITH THE FAA, BUT HE DIDN’T.
DIDN’T. AS A CONSOLATION PRIZE, WE STILL
AS A CONSOLATION PRIZE, WE STILL HAVE NO PERMANENT PERSON RUNNING
HAVE NO PERMANENT PERSON RUNNING THAT AGENCY MORE THAN TWO YEARS
THAT AGENCY MORE THAN TWO YEARS INTO THIS PRESIDENCY.
INTO THIS PRESIDENCY. THE FAA FOR ITS PART IN ALL THIS
THE FAA FOR ITS PART IN ALL THIS SAYS EVERYTHING IS FINE.
SAYS EVERYTHING IS FINE. NO NEED TO WORRY.
NO NEED TO WORRY. NOW CONGRESS MAY TRY TO ACT
NOW CONGRESS MAY TRY TO ACT INCLUDING REPUBLICANS IN
INCLUDING REPUBLICANS IN CONGRESS WHO MAY TRY TO ACT.
CONGRESS WHO MAY TRY TO ACT. THE TRANSPORTATION SECRETARY HAS
THE TRANSPORTATION SECRETARY HAS THE OPTION TO ACT ALTHOUGH SHE
THE OPTION TO ACT ALTHOUGH SHE IS THE WIFE OF THE TOP
IS THE WIFE OF THE TOP REPUBLICAN IN THE SENATE, MITCH
REPUBLICAN IN THE SENATE, MITCH MCCONNELL SO MAYBE IT’S HARD TO
MCCONNELL SO MAYBE IT’S HARD TO IMAGINE HER MAKING SUCH A
IMAGINE HER MAKING SUCH A DECISION INSIDE THE POLITICAL
DECISION INSIDE THE POLITICAL CROSS WINDS.
CROSS WINDS. BUT THERE IS ONE OTHER PIECE OF
BUT THERE IS ONE OTHER PIECE OF THIS THAT YOU MAY NOT HAVE HEARD
THIS THAT YOU MAY NOT HAVE HEARD ABOUT TODAY THAT YOU SHOULD KNOW
ABOUT TODAY THAT YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT IN THE MIDDLE OF THIS
ABOUT IN THE MIDDLE OF THIS CRISIS.
CRISIS. AND HONESTLY, YOU SHOULD KNOW
AND HONESTLY, YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT IT BECAUSE I THINK IT WILL
ABOUT IT BECAUSE I THINK IT WILL CURL YOUR HAIR.
CURL YOUR HAIR. AGAIN, REMEMBER BASED ON THESE
AGAIN, REMEMBER BASED ON THESE TWO RECENT CRASHES OF THIS TYPE
TWO RECENT CRASHES OF THIS TYPE OF PLANE THAT HAVE KILLED ALMOST
OF PLANE THAT HAVE KILLED ALMOST 350 PEOPLE, BASED ON THOSE
350 PEOPLE, BASED ON THOSE CRASHES AND BASED ON OTHER
CRASHES AND BASED ON OTHER SIMILAR DESCRIPTIONS FROM
SIMILAR DESCRIPTIONS FROM AMERICAN PILOTS DESCRIBING
AMERICAN PILOTS DESCRIBING DOMESTIC FLIGHTS IN THE U.S. IN
DOMESTIC FLIGHTS IN THE U.S. IN THIS TYPE OF PLANE, DESCRIBING A
THIS TYPE OF PLANE, DESCRIBING A SIMILAR PROBLEM THEY HAVE
SIMILAR PROBLEM THEY HAVE ENCOUNTERED IN THESE PLANES,
ENCOUNTERED IN THESE PLANES, REMEMBER THAT WHAT PILOTS AT
REMEMBER THAT WHAT PILOTS AT LEAST ARE DESCRIBING AS THE
LEAST ARE DESCRIBING AS THE PROBLEM HERE, WHAT THEIR
PROBLEM HERE, WHAT THEIR PERCEIVED PROBLEM WITH THIS
PERCEIVED PROBLEM WITH THIS AIRCRAFT IS, APPEARS TO BE
AIRCRAFT IS, APPEARS TO BE RELATED TO SOME KIND OF
RELATED TO SOME KIND OF AUTOMATED SYSTEM, AUTOMATED
AUTOMATED SYSTEM, AUTOMATED LEVELING SYSTEM IN THIS PLANE
LEVELING SYSTEM IN THIS PLANE THAT FOR SOME REASON ON
THAT FOR SOME REASON ON DEPARTURE HAS A PROPENSITY OF
DEPARTURE HAS A PROPENSITY OF EPISODE OF A PROBLEM IN WHICH IT
EPISODE OF A PROBLEM IN WHICH IT UNEXPECTEDLY YANKS THE PLANE’S
UNEXPECTEDLY YANKS THE PLANE’S NOSE DOWN TOWARD THE GROUND WHEN
NOSE DOWN TOWARD THE GROUND WHEN THE PLANE IS SUPPOSED TO BE
THE PLANE IS SUPPOSED TO BE CLIMBING.
CLIMBING. WELL, THE GOOD NEWS IS IT TURNS
WELL, THE GOOD NEWS IS IT TURNS OUT THAT BOEING HAS IN THE WORKS
OUT THAT BOEING HAS IN THE WORKS A SOFTWARE FIX THAT THEY BELIEVE
A SOFTWARE FIX THAT THEY BELIEVE WILL ADDRESS THAT PROBLEM IN
WILL ADDRESS THAT PROBLEM IN THESE PLANES.
THESE PLANES. GOOD.
GOOD. THE "WALL STREET JOURNAL" HAD
THE "WALL STREET JOURNAL" HAD THE SCOOP ON THIS THIS AFTERNOON
THE SCOOP ON THIS THIS AFTERNOON AND WHERE IT ENDS IS NOT GOOD.
AND WHERE IT ENDS IS NOT GOOD. BUT HERE IS WHERE IT STARTS,
BUT HERE IS WHERE IT STARTS, QUOTE, BOEING IS MAKING AN
QUOTE, BOEING IS MAKING AN EXTENSIVE CHANGE TO THE FLIGHT
EXTENSIVE CHANGE TO THE FLIGHT CONTROL SYSTEM IN THESE 737 MAX
CONTROL SYSTEM IN THESE 737 MAX AIRCRAFT.
AIRCRAFT. GOING BEYOND WHAT MANY INDUSTRY
GOING BEYOND WHAT MANY INDUSTRY OFFICIALS FAMILIAR WITH THE
OFFICIALS FAMILIAR WITH THE DISCUSSIONS ANTICIPATED.
DISCUSSIONS ANTICIPATED. THE CHANGE WOULD MARK A MAJOR
THE CHANGE WOULD MARK A MAJOR SHIFT HOW BOEING ORIGINALLY
SHIFT HOW BOEING ORIGINALLY DESIGNED A STALL PREVENTION
DESIGNED A STALL PREVENTION FEATURE IN THE AIRCRAFT.
FEATURE IN THE AIRCRAFT. THE COMPANY SPOKESMAN CONFIRMED
THE COMPANY SPOKESMAN CONFIRMED THE UPDATE WOULD USE MULTIPLE
THE UPDATE WOULD USE MULTIPLE SENSORS AND DATA FEEDS IN THE
SENSORS AND DATA FEEDS IN THE STALL PREVENTION SYSTEM INSTEAD
STALL PREVENTION SYSTEM INSTEAD OF THE CURRENT RELYIANCE AND
OF THE CURRENT RELYIANCE AND PROMPTED BY LION AIR AND THOSE
PROMPTED BY LION AIR AND THOSE CRASH INVESTIGATION RESULTS
CRASH INVESTIGATION RESULTS INDICATED THAT ERRONEOUS DATA
INDICATED THAT ERRONEOUS DATA FROM A SINGLE SENSOR THAT
FROM A SINGLE SENSOR THAT MEASURES THE ANGLE OF THE
MEASURES THE ANGLE OF THE PLANE’S NOSE CAUSED THE STALL
PLANE’S NOSE CAUSED THE STALL PREVENTION SYSTEM TO MISFIRE AND
PREVENTION SYSTEM TO MISFIRE AND A SERIES OF EVENTS PUT THE
A SERIES OF EVENTS PUT THE AIRCRAFT INTO A DANGEROUS DIVE.
AIRCRAFT INTO A DANGEROUS DIVE. THE ANTICIPATED SOFTWARE FIX
THE ANTICIPATED SOFTWARE FIX FROM BOEING WILL LIMIT THE
FROM BOEING WILL LIMIT THE EXTENT OF THE FLIGHT CONTROL
EXTENT OF THE FLIGHT CONTROL SYSTEMS DOWNWARD PUSH ON THE
SYSTEMS DOWNWARD PUSH ON THE PLANE’S NOSE.
PLANE’S NOSE. THAT SEEPS LIKEMS LIKE A GOOD ID
THAT SEEPS LIKEMS LIKE A GOOD ID HOW SOON WILL IT BE READY?
HOW SOON WILL IT BE READY? U.S. REGULATORS ARE EXPECTED TO
U.S. REGULATORS ARE EXPECTED TO MANDATE THIS CHANGE BY THE END
MANDATE THIS CHANGE BY THE END OF NEXT MONTH.
OF NEXT MONTH. OKAY.
OKAY. SO THAT’S STILL A WAYS OFF BUT
SO THAT’S STILL A WAYS OFF BUT IN THE WORKS AND THEY BELIEVE
IN THE WORKS AND THEY BELIEVE THEY GOT A WAY TO FIX THE
THEY GOT A WAY TO FIX THE ACCIDENTAL NOSEDIVE PROBLEM.
ACCIDENTAL NOSEDIVE PROBLEM. YOU KNOW, WHY DIDN’T YOU SAY SO?
YOU KNOW, WHY DIDN’T YOU SAY SO? HOW SOON COULD THIS HAVE BEEN
HOW SOON COULD THIS HAVE BEEN READY?
READY? SHOULD IT HAVE BEEN READY BEFORE
SHOULD IT HAVE BEEN READY BEFORE THE ETHIOPIA PLANE CRASH THAT
THE ETHIOPIA PLANE CRASH THAT KILLED 157 PEOPLE?
KILLED 157 PEOPLE? IS THE BACK STORY ON THE TIMING
IS THE BACK STORY ON THE TIMING OF WHEN THIS WILL BE ROLLED OUT
OF WHEN THIS WILL BE ROLLED OUT AND READY?
AND READY? SOFTWARE FIX TO THIS PARTICULAR
SOFTWARE FIX TO THIS PARTICULAR FLIGHT CONTROL FEATURE HAD BEEN
FLIGHT CONTROL FEATURE HAD BEEN EXPECTED EARLY IN JANUARY.
EXPECTED EARLY IN JANUARY. DISCUSSIONS DRAGGED ON.
DISCUSSIONS DRAGGED ON. OFFICIALS IN VARIOUS PARTS HAD
OFFICIALS IN VARIOUS PARTS HAD DIFFERING VIEW HOW IT SHOULD BE.
DIFFERING VIEW HOW IT SHOULD BE. THE SHUTDOWN HALTED WORK ON THE
THE SHUTDOWN HALTED WORK ON THE FIX ENTIRELY FOR FIVE WEEKS.
FIX ENTIRELY FOR FIVE WEEKS. SO DID EVERYBODY ENJOY THEIR
SO DID EVERYBODY ENJOY THEIR 35-DAY GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN?
35-DAY GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN? I MEAN, YOU MIGHT HAVE THOUGHT
I MEAN, YOU MIGHT HAVE THOUGHT WE GOT NOTHING OUT OF THAT AS A
WE GOT NOTHING OUT OF THAT AS A COUNTRY BUT TURNS OUT NOT JUST
COUNTRY BUT TURNS OUT NOT JUST US BUT THE WHOLE WORLD GOT
US BUT THE WHOLE WORLD GOT SOMETHING.
SOMETHING. WE GOT A FIVE-WEEK DELAY IN THE
WE GOT A FIVE-WEEK DELAY IN THE IMPLANTATION OF THE SOFTWARE
IMPLANTATION OF THE SOFTWARE THAT THEY THINK WILL SOLVE THE
THAT THEY THINK WILL SOLVE THE UNEXPECTED NOSEDIVE PROBLEM IN
UNEXPECTED NOSEDIVE PROBLEM IN THE BOEING 737 MAX 8 JETS, AND
THE BOEING 737 MAX 8 JETS, AND IN THE MEANTIME, ETHIOPIA
IN THE MEANTIME, ETHIOPIA AIRLINES FLIGHT 302 HAS CRASHED
AIRLINES FLIGHT 302 HAS CRASHED KILLING MANY GING MORE THAN 150
KILLING MANY GING MORE THAN 150 THE INVESTIGATION IS ON THE
THE INVESTIGATION IS ON THE HEELS OF THE OTHER 737 MAX 8
HEELS OF THE OTHER 737 MAX 8 CRASH THAT HAPPENED IN INDONESIA
CRASH THAT HAPPENED IN INDONESIA AND COUNTRIES AROUND THE WORLD
AND COUNTRIES AROUND THE WORLD AND AIRLINES AROUND THE WORLD
AND AIRLINES AROUND THE WORLD ARE GROUNDING THESE FLIGHTS.
ARE GROUNDING THESE FLIGHTS. SOMETIMES IN THE MIDDLE OF
SOMETIMES IN THE MIDDLE OF FLIGHTS TURNING THOSE FLIGHTS
FLIGHTS TURNING THOSE FLIGHTS AROUND AND GROUNDING THEM,
AROUND AND GROUNDING THEM, GROUNDING THESE PLANES
GROUNDING THESE PLANES PROHIBITING THESE PLANES FROM
PROHIBITING THESE PLANES FROM FLYING THROUGH THEIR AIR SPACE
FLYING THROUGH THEIR AIR SPACE AND THROWING GLOBAL AVIATION
AND THROWING GLOBAL AVIATION INTO CHAOS AND MAYBE THIS GETS
INTO CHAOS AND MAYBE THIS GETS FIXED BY THE END OF NEXT MONTH?
FIXED BY THE END OF NEXT MONTH? IN THE MEANTIME, HERE IN THE
IN THE MEANTIME, HERE IN THE U.S. CONTINUE TO ENJOY YOUR
U.S. CONTINUE TO ENJOY YOUR FLIGHTS ON BOEING 737 MAX 8
FLIGHTS ON BOEING 737 MAX 8 AIRCRAFT.
AIRCRAFT. DON’T WORRY, THE PRESIDENT TALKS
DON’T WORRY, THE PRESIDENT TALKS TO THE BOEING CEO ON THE PHONE
TO THE BOEING CEO ON THE PHONE ABOUT IT ALL THE TIME.
ABOUT IT ALL THE TIME. AND THE PRESIDENT HIMSELF KNOWS
AND THE PRESIDENT HIMSELF KNOWS AVIATION AFTER ALL, HE HAD THE
AVIATION AFTER ALL, HE HAD THE BEST PILOT YOU CAN EVER IMAGINE
BEST PILOT YOU CAN EVER IMAGINE WHO WAS AMAZING.
WHO WAS AMAZING. HE WOULD HAVE BEEN PERFECT TO
HE WOULD HAVE BEEN PERFECT TO RUN THE FAA.
RUN THE FAA. I DON’T KNOW WHY ANYBODY DIDN’T
I DON’T KNOW WHY ANYBODY DIDN’T GO ALONG WITH IT.
GO ALONG WITH IT. OR, YOU KNOW, MAYBE ELAINE CHOW
OR, YOU KNOW, MAYBE ELAINE CHOW WILL FIX IT.
WILL FIX IT. SO YOU KNOW, IT’S EASY FOR
SO YOU KNOW, IT’S EASY FOR EVERYBODY TO TAKE POT SHOTS
EVERYBODY TO TAKE POT SHOTS GOOVT,
GOOVT, GOVERNMENT, RIGHT, AND THE
GOVERNMENT, RIGHT, AND THE PEOPLE THAT RUN GOVERNMENT AND
PEOPLE THAT RUN GOVERNMENT AND WORK IN GOVERNMENT UNTIL
WORK IN GOVERNMENT UNTIL SOMETHING COMES UP AND YOU
SOMETHING COMES UP AND YOU REALLY NEED IT AND REALLY NEED
REALLY NEED IT AND REALLY NEED THEM TO BE GREAT.
THEM TO BE GREAT. YOU REALLY NEED THEM TO BE UP TO
YOU REALLY NEED THEM TO BE UP TO IT AND USUALLY IN THE MIDDLE OF
IT AND USUALLY IN THE MIDDLE OF THE CRISIS, IT’S TOO LATE TO GO
THE CRISIS, IT’S TOO LATE TO GO BACK AND MAKE SURE YOU’VE GOT
BACK AND MAKE SURE YOU’VE GOT ALL THE RIGHT PEOPLE IN PLACE,
ALL THE RIGHT PEOPLE IN PLACE, AND YOU MADE GOOD DECISIONS WHO
AND YOU MADE GOOD DECISIONS WHO OUGHT TO BE RUNNING THINGS.
OUGHT TO BE RUNNING THINGS. BUT THAT CRISIS IS FULL FLEDGED
BUT THAT CRISIS IS FULL FLEDGED RIGHT NOW AND THERE ARE, YOU
RIGHT NOW AND THERE ARE, YOU KNOW, THERE IS A LOT GOING ON.
KNOW, THERE IS A LOT GOING ON. THERE IS A LOT ELSE BESIDES THAT
THERE IS A LOT ELSE BESIDES THAT IN THE NEWS.
IN THE NEWS. THERE IS TONS OF -- THERE IS A
THERE IS TONS OF -- THERE IS A TON OF PLATES THAT ARE BASICALLY
TON OF PLATES THAT ARE BASICALLY SPINNING IN THE AIR RIGHT NOW.
SPINNING IN THE AIR RIGHT NOW. THE BIG BREXIT VOTE TODAY IN THE
THE BIG BREXIT VOTE TODAY IN THE U.K. STILL NOT APPROVED BY THE
U.K. STILL NOT APPROVED BY THE BRITISH PARLIAMENT.
BRITISH PARLIAMENT. THERE WILL BE TWO MORE CRUCIAL
THERE WILL BE TWO MORE CRUCIAL VOTES OVER THE NEXT TWO DAYS
VOTES OVER THE NEXT TWO DAYS THAT WILL DETERMINE THE FATE
THAT WILL DETERMINE THE FATE WHAT WILL HAPPEN AND THE U.K.
WHAT WILL HAPPEN AND THE U.K. AND PROSPECT OF A CATASTROPHIC
AND PROSPECT OF A CATASTROPHIC ECONOMIC BREAK BETWEEN THE U.K.
ECONOMIC BREAK BETWEEN THE U.K. AND E.U. AT THE END OF THE MONTH
AND E.U. AT THE END OF THE MONTH IS STILL VERY MUCH LIVE.
IS STILL VERY MUCH LIVE. THE ON GOING POLITICAL CRISIS IN
THE ON GOING POLITICAL CRISIS IN VENEZUELA IS UNSPOOL INTOED INTO
VENEZUELA IS UNSPOOL INTOED INTO WE’LL HAVE MORE WITH CHRIS
WE’LL HAVE MORE WITH CHRIS MURPHY.
MURPHY. THE BIG COLLEGE CHEATING SCANDAL
THE BIG COLLEGE CHEATING SCANDAL THAT WAS EXPOSED TODAY IS MIND
THAT WAS EXPOSED TODAY IS MIND BOGGLING.
BOGGLING. IF YOU DID NOT SEE CHRIS HAYES’
IF YOU DID NOT SEE CHRIS HAYES’ SHOW, HIS DISCUSSION, WATCH THE
SHOW, HIS DISCUSSION, WATCH THE CHRIS HAYES’ RERUN LATER
CHRIS HAYES’ RERUN LATER TONIGHT.
TONIGHT. HE HAD EXCELLENT COVERAGE ON
HE HAD EXCELLENT COVERAGE ON THIS STORY BUT TODAY WE SAW
THIS STORY BUT TODAY WE SAW DOZENS OF INDICTMENTS AND
DOZENS OF INDICTMENTS AND ARRESTS ANNOUNCED BY THE U.S.
ARRESTS ANNOUNCED BY THE U.S. ATTORNEYS OFFICE IN
ATTORNEYS OFFICE IN MASSACHUSETTS BECAUSE THERE ARE
MASSACHUSETTS BECAUSE THERE ARE CELEBRITYIES AND RICH PEOPLE AND
CELEBRITYIES AND RICH PEOPLE AND RICH FAMOUS UNIVERSITIES IN
RICH FAMOUS UNIVERSITIES IN INVOLVED IN THIS SCANDAL, YOU
INVOLVED IN THIS SCANDAL, YOU CAN EXPECT THIS TO PLAY OUT FOR
CAN EXPECT THIS TO PLAY OUT FOR A LONG WHILE YET BUT TODAY IS
A LONG WHILE YET BUT TODAY IS DAY ONE OF THIS REVELATION OF A
DAY ONE OF THIS REVELATION OF A MASSIVE BRIBERY AND CHEATING
MASSIVE BRIBERY AND CHEATING SCANDAL WITH AMERICA’S VERY TOP
SCANDAL WITH AMERICA’S VERY TOP COLLEGES.
COLLEGES. AND ON TOP OF ALL OF THAT, THE
AND ON TOP OF ALL OF THAT, THE OUT OF CONTROL SPINNING CAROUSAL
OUT OF CONTROL SPINNING CAROUSAL IS ABOUT TO ENTER ONE OF THE
IS ABOUT TO ENTER ONE OF THE MOST DRAMATIC PERIODS YET.
MOST DRAMATIC PERIODS YET. TODAY PROSECUTORS FILED NOTICE
TODAY PROSECUTORS FILED NOTICE WITH THE FEDERAL COURT IN
WITH THE FEDERAL COURT IN VIRGINIA THEY WANT THE
VIRGINIA THEY WANT THE PRESIDENT’S CAMPAIGN CHAIR PAUL
PRESIDENT’S CAMPAIGN CHAIR PAUL MANAFORT TO PAY $25 MILLION IN
MANAFORT TO PAY $25 MILLION IN RESTITUTION ON TOP OF THE
RESTITUTION ON TOP OF THE FOUR-YEAR PRISON SENTENCE THE
FOUR-YEAR PRISON SENTENCE THE JUDGE IN THE CASE HAS GIVEN HIM.
JUDGE IN THE CASE HAS GIVEN HIM. THAT RESTITUTION PART, THE $25
THAT RESTITUTION PART, THE $25 MILLION, THAT WILL NOT BE
MILLION, THAT WILL NOT BE ADDRESSED BY THAT JUDGE IN
ADDRESSED BY THAT JUDGE IN VIRGINIA UNTIL AFTER PAUL
VIRGINIA UNTIL AFTER PAUL MANAFORT IS STEN TENSEENTENCED B
MANAFORT IS STEN TENSEENTENCED B DIFFERENT FEDERAL JUDGE TOMORROW
DIFFERENT FEDERAL JUDGE TOMORROW IN A DIFFERENT JURISDICTION IN
IN A DIFFERENT JURISDICTION IN WASHINGTON D.C.
WASHINGTON D.C. THE SENTENCING HEARING IS DUE TO
THE SENTENCING HEARING IS DUE TO START AT 9:30 A.M. AND IT IS
START AT 9:30 A.M. AND IT IS FEDERAL COURT SO THERE WON’T BE
FEDERAL COURT SO THERE WON’T BE CAMERAS IN THE COURTROOM.
CAMERAS IN THE COURTROOM. THERE WILL BE LOTS OF REPORTERS
THERE WILL BE LOTS OF REPORTERS IN THE COURTROOM.
IN THE COURTROOM. YOU SHOULD EXPECT LIVE COVERAGE
YOU SHOULD EXPECT LIVE COVERAGE SOON AFTER THAT HEARING STARTS
SOON AFTER THAT HEARING STARTS TOMORROW.
TOMORROW. THAT’S PAUL MANAFORT’S SECOND
THAT’S PAUL MANAFORT’S SECOND FEDERAL SENTENCING TOMORROW 9:30
FEDERAL SENTENCING TOMORROW 9:30 IN THE MORNING EASTERN TIME
IN THE MORNING EASTERN TIME FACING UP TO AN ADDITIONAL TEN
FACING UP TO AN ADDITIONAL TEN YEARS IN PRISON.
YEARS IN PRISON. AND TONIGHT, I AM TOLD SINCE WE
AND TONIGHT, I AM TOLD SINCE WE HAVE BEEN ON THE AIR, THAT’S
HAVE BEEN ON THE AIR, THAT’S WHAT THIS IS THAT WAS DELIVERED
WHAT THIS IS THAT WAS DELIVERED TO ME MOMENTS AGO, I’M TOLD WE
TO ME MOMENTS AGO, I’M TOLD WE GOT AN UPDATE FROM PROSECUTORS
GOT AN UPDATE FROM PROSECUTORS IN THE SPECIAL COUNSEL’S OFFICE
IN THE SPECIAL COUNSEL’S OFFICE ON THE TROUBLING CASE OF MIKE
ON THE TROUBLING CASE OF MIKE FLYNN.
FLYNN. YOU’LL REMEMBER THAT MIKE FLYNN
YOU’LL REMEMBER THAT MIKE FLYNN WAS ESSENTIALLY THROWN OUT OF
WAS ESSENTIALLY THROWN OUT OF HIS SENTENCING HEARING IN
HIS SENTENCING HEARING IN DECEMBER BY A FEDERAL JUDGE WHO
DECEMBER BY A FEDERAL JUDGE WHO WAS SORT OF ALL BUT WARNING HIM
WAS SORT OF ALL BUT WARNING HIM THAT HE WAS NOT GOING TO LIKE
THAT HE WAS NOT GOING TO LIKE HIS SENTENCE IF HE WENT AHEAD
HIS SENTENCE IF HE WENT AHEAD WITH IT THAT DAY IN DECEMBER.
WITH IT THAT DAY IN DECEMBER. WOULDN’T GENERAL FLYNN LIKE TO
WOULDN’T GENERAL FLYNN LIKE TO GO BACK TO GO WORK WITH
GO BACK TO GO WORK WITH PROSECUTORS SOME MORE TO SEE IF
PROSECUTORS SOME MORE TO SEE IF HE COULD BECOME A BETTER
HE COULD BECOME A BETTER COOPERATOR AND DO ANYTHING ELSE
COOPERATOR AND DO ANYTHING ELSE TO MITIGATE THE SENTENCE THIS
TO MITIGATE THE SENTENCE THIS JUDGE WAS PREPARED TO GIVE HIM
JUDGE WAS PREPARED TO GIVE HIM THAT DAY AND THAT COURT IN
THAT DAY AND THAT COURT IN DECEMBER.
DECEMBER. GENERAL FLYNN FINALLY REALIZED
GENERAL FLYNN FINALLY REALIZED WHAT THE JUDGE WAS TRYING TO
WHAT THE JUDGE WAS TRYING TO TELL HIM AND AGREED HE WOULD GO
TELL HIM AND AGREED HE WOULD GO BACK AND COOPERATE FURTHER AND
BACK AND COOPERATE FURTHER AND TRY TO IMPROVE HIS STATION
TRY TO IMPROVE HIS STATION FURTHER BEFORE THIS JUDGE
FURTHER BEFORE THIS JUDGE SENTENCED HIM THREE MONTHS AGO.
SENTENCED HIM THREE MONTHS AGO. TONIGHT IS THE FIRST TIME WE
TONIGHT IS THE FIRST TIME WE HAVE HEARD FROM PROSECUTORS
HAVE HEARD FROM PROSECUTORS SINCE ABOUT WHAT HAS HAPPENED
SINCE ABOUT WHAT HAS HAPPENED BETWEEN THEM AND MIKE FLYNN
BETWEEN THEM AND MIKE FLYNN SINCE THAT BIZARRE AND DRAMATIC
SINCE THAT BIZARRE AND DRAMATIC DAY IN THE COURTROOM IN DECEMBER
DAY IN THE COURTROOM IN DECEMBER WHEN HIS SENTENCING GOT CALLED
WHEN HIS SENTENCING GOT CALLED OFF.
OFF. THERE WILL BE A STATUS
THERE WILL BE A STATUS CONFERENCE IN THE FLYNN CASE
CONFERENCE IN THE FLYNN CASE TOMORROW, WE’VE JUST STARTED TO
TOMORROW, WE’VE JUST STARTED TO GET THE DOCUMENTS -- WE JUST
GET THE DOCUMENTS -- WE JUST STARTED TO GET IN TONIGHT THE
STARTED TO GET IN TONIGHT THE DOCUMENTS THAT WILL BE THE PRED
DOCUMENTS THAT WILL BE THE PRED KIT OF THE
KIT OF THE -- PREDHEARING, THAT’S JUST
-- PREDHEARING, THAT’S JUST HAPPENING RIGHT NOW AND ON TOP
HAPPENING RIGHT NOW AND ON TOP OF ALL OF THAT, AUTHORITIES IN
OF ALL OF THAT, AUTHORITIES IN NEW YORK STATE INTERESTINGLY IN
NEW YORK STATE INTERESTINGLY IN BOTH THE LEGISLATURE AND IN LAW
BOTH THE LEGISLATURE AND IN LAW ENFORCEMENT, IN THE ATTORNEY
ENFORCEMENT, IN THE ATTORNEY GENERAL’S OFFICE, THEY HAVE
GENERAL’S OFFICE, THEY HAVE STARTED TODAY TO TURN THEIR OWN
STARTED TODAY TO TURN THEIR OWN STATE LEVEL LAW ENFORCEMENT
STATE LEVEL LAW ENFORCEMENT RESOURCES ON THIS PRESIDENT AND
RESOURCES ON THIS PRESIDENT AND HIS BUSINESS AND THEY ARE
HIS BUSINESS AND THEY ARE STARTING TO DO IT LIKE THEY HAVE
STARTING TO DO IT LIKE THEY HAVE HIM IN A TRACTOR BEAM.
HIM IN A TRACTOR BEAM. STATE LAW ENFORCEMENT SOUNDS
STATE LAW ENFORCEMENT SOUNDS LESS THREATENING TALKING ABOUT A
LESS THREATENING TALKING ABOUT A FEDERAL ELECTED OFFICIAL LIKE A
FEDERAL ELECTED OFFICIAL LIKE A PRESIDENT AND IN THIS CASE,
PRESIDENT AND IN THIS CASE, DON’T BE SO SURE.
DON’T BE SO SURE. AND IN THIS CASE, SPECIFICALLY,
AND IN THIS CASE, SPECIFICALLY, THERE MAY BE SOME SPECIAL
THERE MAY BE SOME SPECIAL PROBLEMS FOR THIS PRESIDENT WHEN
PROBLEMS FOR THIS PRESIDENT WHEN IT COMES TO THE PROSPECT OF
IT COMES TO THE PROSPECT OF STATE LEVEL CHARGES OR EVEN
STATE LEVEL CHARGES OR EVEN INVESTIGATIONS EMANATING FROM
INVESTIGATIONS EMANATING FROM NEW YORK STATE TARGETED AT HIM
NEW YORK STATE TARGETED AT HIM AND HIS FAMILY AND HIS BUSINESS.
AND HIS FAMILY AND HIS BUSINESS. SO WE’VE GOT MORE ON THAT COMING
SO WE’VE GOT MORE ON THAT COMING UP, AS WELL BUT AGAIN, WE’LL
UP, AS WELL BUT AGAIN, WE’LL HAVE BREAKING NEWS FOR YOU ON
HAVE BREAKING NEWS FOR YOU ON WHAT’S EXPECTED TOMORROW FROM
WHAT’S EXPECTED TOMORROW FROM MIKE FLYNN, THE PRESIDENT’S
MIKE FLYNN, THE PRESIDENT’S NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISOR WHO
NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISOR WHO LOOKS LIKE HE MAY FINALLY BE
LOOKS LIKE HE MAY FINALLY BE FACING THE MUSIC THAT HEARING IS